http://devmag.org.za/2012/07/12/50-tips-for-working-with-unity-best-practices/
http://answers.unity3d.com/questions/1370941/more-advanced-player-movement.html


ISSUES
needs to be a limit on how quickly you can turn and keep momentum. 
currently you can turn almost on a dime and keep full speed if you're careful.
maybe angle-per-second limit?

need to check midair hover behaviour with various speeds.

midair movement/turning doesn't feel right. I know knife provides a fix to most air movement
issues but it seems too hard to land accurately, even at low speed.

Noticed an issue with Jumping while being pushed by moving object. Should still inherit platform momentum?
currently seems to add velocity in OPPOSITE direction to platform movement - possibly to do with the code to 
cancel momentum when landing on a moving platform? jumping while being pushed might trigger the landing code.
	Might be able to build this right into basic jump code, as it just has to 
	retain any rigidbody movement from the player

still need to work on knife warp prediction: working well at the moment but need to have a deep look for bugs.
also need to make sure behaviour is right when knife spends extended period of time travelling through 
small space.
	Detail:
		Add trigger collider to knife object 
			(probably spherical radius 1? encompass entire player collider?
			capsule would probably work better but would need to make sure rotation
			always correct to gravity. too wide/large and this will be triggering
			too often while knife moves next to a wall/floor etc)
		if trigger not colliding, location guaranteed 100% safe.
			match warplookahead collider to knife exactly.
		if trigger colliding, location may not be ok
			use (current) distance-limited MoveTowards code to step in direction of knife
			when warplookahead colliding again, just match knife position
	ALSO: need to make sure bounceknife works properly as knife rapidly changes direction


MINOR/VISUAL
low-mid-distance regular warp feedback needs to be ramped up. FOV? more distortion?

Need solution to black-out camera when transition camera is inside mesh.
possibly just add a small spherical trigger collider to the transition camera and disable the camera or 
add some sort of effect/overlay when trigger is inside mesh. (this seems to be trickier than I first thought)



Puzzles:
	use gravity rotation and direction to move objects

giant clock:
	walk around particular cylinder to wind clock forward/back
	clock time controls progression of scenery?
	collapsing castle?

Uru time machine level
	Skybox exists as physical entity - world contained in artificial sphere
	Can eventually reach by disabling machine that resets player on travelling too far

Jump pads?
	to play with warping keeping momentum


Other Character ideas?
wall boost jump? - directional? just vertical?
wall-run
momentum glide?
sniper - warp hang from surface?
hang in air and aim
grapple
flatten to 2d? on surface or in 3d space (cut things by running through them?)
pass through walls/ghost